README.md, before:

ReferencesAndResources
======================

Contains maps with hyperlinks to Internet resources and local files, as well as short documentation on diverse knowledge topics. These maps are visible either as [mind maps] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind_map), or as [web-pages that have been generated with mind mapping software] (http://jaimeglz.github.io/). 

The objective of this initiative is to provide a means that will permit users to classify and access open-source information, materials and notes on the subjects being covered. The directories and maps can be freeley downloaded, adapted to their own needs, and perused by gitHub users.

The maps are (hopefully) self-explanatory, and are initally being developed with XMind. A free version of this software can be downloaded from [XMind.net] (http://www.xmind.net/). 

The first subject being developed is Mathematics, and the directory structure corresponds to [MSC2010] (http://msc2010.org/Default.html). 

On the author: See my [profile in linkedin] (https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jaime-gonzalez/33/6b0/213)

Commit message:

Remark on the experimental nature of this work

README.md, after:

ReferencesAndResources
======================

Contains maps with hyperlinks to Internet resources and local files, as well as short documentation on diverse knowledge topics. These maps are visible either as [mind maps] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind_map), or as [web-pages that have been generated with mind mapping software] (http://jaimeglz.github.io/). 

The objective of this initiative is to provide a means that will permit users to classify and access open-source information, materials and notes on the subjects being covered. The directories and maps can be freeley downloaded, adapted to their own needs, and perused by gitHub users.

The maps are still at an experimental stage, and are initally being developed with XMind. A free version of this software can be downloaded from [XMind.net] (http://www.xmind.net/). Hopefully, they will become self-explanatory.

The first subject being developed is Mathematics, and the directory structure corresponds to [MSC2010] (http://msc2010.org/Default.html). 

On the author: See my [profile in linkedin] (https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jaime-gonzalez/33/6b0/213)
